[Music]
john garrity is a structural engineer
living in atlanta georgia
with his estranged wife allison and
their diabetic son
nathan he returns home to watch the
near-earth passing of a recently
discovered interstellar comet
named clark with his family and
neighbors
at a grocery store john receives a
strange automated phone call
informing him that he and his family
have been selected for emergency
sheltering
confused and concerned he returns home
just as a comet fragment
enters the atmosphere on live television
expected to land near bermuda
the fragment instead strikes tampa
florida vaporizing the city in a large
part of the state
john once again receives an automated
call with instructions to be at warner
robins air force base to make an
evacuation flight
the guarantees then learn from their
neighbor ed that comet clark is actually
a giant cluster of objects expected to
bombard earth over the next two days
with the biggest fragment expected to
cause an extinction level event
the family packs up and flees
reluctantly refusing to take nathan's
friend
ellie despite her mother's pleas as
ellie would be denied boarding
at robins air force base when forced to
consolidate their belongings into one
bag
the family discovers that nathan
accidentally left his insulin in the car
john hurries back to get it while
allison and nathan are told that they
cannot be evacuated due to nathan's
ailment
and are subsequently escorted off the
base
realizing what happened to them upon
boarding one plane
john leaves the base as a panicked mob
breaks in causing a gunfight that
inadvertently ignites jet fuel
destroying several evacuation planes
[Music]
upon returning to their car he finds a
note left by alison that she and nathan
are heading to her father's house in
lexington kentucky
allison and nathan get medical supplies
from a looted store and are picked up by
couple ralph and judy vento
who are also headed that way ralph
kidnaps nathan
to judy's horror after allison tells
them of what happened at the base
john manages to hitch a riot on a truck
with other survivors from the base
a young man named colin tells him that
they are headed for osgood
ontario where private planes are flying
to greenland
which is where those selected are being
evacuated to
another survivor notices john's
wristband and attempts to fight him for
it
causing the truck to crash and colin to
be killed
the hostile man is then killed by john
with a hammer before he leaves the scene
ralph and a reluctant judy failed to
pass as nathan's parents at another
evacuation site and are arrested
alison and nathan reunite shortly
afterwards at a fema camp across the
street where nathan has received medical
treatment
the following day john watches the
destruction and a countdown to the final
impact on tv
he steals a car and finally reaches the
home of his father-in-law
dale and reunites with nathan and
allison a little later
the family try to accept their fate but
upon learning about a complex of
underground bunkers near thule air force
base in greenland where the evacuees are
being taken to john realizes that they
might have just enough time to make it
to osgood
the family then leaves saying goodbye to
dale before continuing in his truck
hours later they reach upstate new york
and get caught in a traffic jam when a
shower of fragments rained down
destroying vehicles and killing numerous
[Music]
people
john manages to drive them to an
underpass for refuge and they continue
to canada
learning that clark's largest fragment
will make impact somewhere in western
europe
they arrive at the airport and persuade
the pilot of the last plane to take them
the next morning the plane approaches
greenland another fragment strikes off
the coast and the shockwave causes the
plane to crash land into a valley
killing the pilots john
his family and the survivors are picked
up by a military truck that takes them
to thule
and are quickly ushered inside the
bunker complex right as clark enters the
atmosphere and collides with europe
devastating the planet nine months later
the bunkers attempt to make radio
contact with other potential survivors
as various cities are shown in total
ruin including sydney
mexico city paris and chicago
the garrites and other occupants of the
shelter exit to see a radically changed
landscape
while greenland makes contact with other
stations around the globe
each are relieved to hear each other and
report that the atmosphere is finally
clearing
potentially giving humanity the chance
to rebuild civilization
this is the end of the movie please
subscribe to enjoy more movie next time
thank you